Revise the NPD task page (#38520)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/debug/debug-cluster/monitor-node-health.md

*Node Problem Detector* is a daemon for monitoring and reporting about a node's health.
You can run Node Problem Detector as a `DaemonSet` or as a standalone daemon.
Node Problem Detector collects information about node problems from various daemons
and reports these conditions to the API server as [node condition](/docs/concepts/architecture/nodes/#condition)

> and [Event](/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/{{< param "version" >}}/#event-v1-core).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or as [Events](/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/cluster-resources/event-v1/).
```
?

Author: OK

Overwriting a configuration is not supported if a Node Problem Detector runs as a cluster Addon.
The Addon manager does not support `ConfigMap`.

> ## Problem Daemon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Problem daemons
```
?

  according to predefined rules. You can customize the configurations for different log sources
  such as [filelog](https://github.com/kubernetes/node-problem-detector/blob/master/config/kernel-monitor-filelog.json),
  [kmsg](https://github.com/kubernetes/node-problem-detector/blob/master/config/kernel-monitor.json),
  [kernel](https://github.com/kubernetes/node-problem-detector/blob/master/config/kernel-monitor-counter.json),
  [abrt](https://github.com/kubernetes/node-problem-detector/blob/master/config/abrt-adaptor.json),
  and [systemd](https://github.com/kubernetes/node-problem-detector/blob/master/config/systemd-monitor-counter.json).

- A `SystemStatsMonitor` type of daemon collects various health-related system stats as metrics.
  You can customize its behavior by updating its
  [configuration file](https://github.com/kubernetes/node-problem-detector/blob/master/config/system-stats-monitor.json).

- A `CustomPluginMonitor` type of daemon invokes and checks various node problems by running
  user-defined scripts. You can use different custom plugin monitors to monitor different
  problems and customize the daemon behavior by updating the

>   [configuration file](https://github.com/kubernetes/node-problem-detector/blob/master/config/custom-plugin-monitor.json).

Reviewer: I might link to a specific commit, which protects against https://github.com/kubernetes/node-problem-detector/ getting reorganized.

Author: Pinned to 0.8.12 tag now.

- A `HealthChecker` type of daemon checks the health of the kubelet and container runtime on a node.

### Adding support for other log format {#support-other-log-format}

The system log monitor currently supports file-based logs, journald, and kmsg.
Additional sources can be added by implementing a new
[log watcher](https://github.com/kubernetes/node-problem-detector/blob/master/pkg/systemlogmonitor/logwatchers/types/log_watcher.go).

### Adding custom plugin monitors

You can extend the Node Problem Detector to execute any monitor scripts written in any language by
developing a custom plugin. The monitor scripts must conform to the plugin protocol in exit code
and standard output. For more information, please refer to the

> [plugin interface proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jK_5YloSYtboj-DtfjmYKxfNnUxCAvohLnsH5aGCAYQ/edit#).

Reviewer: Due to the risk of vandalism, let's not link to that doc. We could ask SIG Node to make a tidied version where people with the link only have read access.

Author: Posted a comment to the google docs page asking for alternative links. I'm open to any improvement ideas.

## Exporter

An exporter reports the node problems and/or metrics to certain backends.
The following exporters are supported:

- **Kubernetes exporter**: this exporter reports node problems to the Kubernetes API server.
  Temporary problems are reported as Events and permanent problems are reported as Node Conditions.

> - **Prometheus exporter**: this exporter reports node problems and metrics locally as Prometheus
>   metrics. The connection to the Prometheus server can be specified using command line flags.

Reviewer: Is this right?
```suggestion
  (or OpenMetrics) metrics. You can specify the IP address and port for the exporter using a
  command line argument.
```
